Grapesjs docs addition (#230)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/13.builders/docs.en.md

### Themes

If you search through the list of available themes, the new MJML themes `Brienz`, `Paprika` and `Confirm Me` will not be available until you enable the GrapesJS plugin.

### Creating new Themes

> #### Why to use email templates?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why use themes?
```

> The GrapesJs makes possible to insert HTML code and edit it in a WYSIWYG environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GrapesJs builder makes it possible to insert HTML code and edit it in a 'What You See Is What You Get' (WYSIWYG) environment.
```

> A template can feature a wide variety of blocks and sections reflecting desired email design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A theme allows you to create a template which can feature a wide variety of blocks and sections reflecting the desired email, landing page and form design.
```

> By choosing a template and removing the unnecessary blocks beautiful emails can be created very efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By choosing a theme as a starting point and adding or removing blocks as needed, beautiful emails can be created very efficiently.
```

> #### Modifying Legacy template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Modifying legacy Themes
```

> The GrapesJs Builder looks at the template's config file content before a template is displayed for selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GrapesJs Builder checks the Theme configuration file before listing the available Themes, to determine which are compatible with the Builder.
```

> As of Mautic 3.3 a new line has to be added, that defines which email designer is the template suitable for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since [Mautic `3.3`][mautic-3.3] a new line has to be added which defines the compatible Builders:
```

Following the styleguide: https://docs.mautic.org/en/contributing#linking-to-release-versions - macro already exists

File name: config.json

> `    {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```    {
```

      "name": "Great Template",
      "author": "Mr. Robot",
      "authorUrl": "https://mautic.org",
      "builder":  ["grapesjsbuilder"],
      "features": [
        "email"
      ]

>     }`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    }```
```

Reviewer: I think we want to use the code block rather than line syntax but the suggestion feature on GitHub doesn't like it as that is what it uses to separate the suggestions.

Here is the syntax to use from the styleguide: https://docs.mautic.org/en/contributing/style-guide#code-blocks (three backticks before and after the code block)

> Once the proper builder is defined, the template will show in the template selection page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Builder is defined, the Theme will show in the Theme selection page.

If you wish to support more than one Builder, specify them in an array:

`"builder": ["legacy", "grapesjsbuilder"],`
```

> #### Creating a template from scratch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Creating a Theme from scratch
```

Let's make sure we are consistently using the same terminology as is used in the product (Themes)

##### HTML Markup

> As mentioned before, it is possible to use HTML for templates, and the GrapesJs builder will try to offer WYSIWYG editing possibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned before, it is possible to use HTML for Themes, and the GrapesJs Builder will try to offer WYSIWYG editing possibilities from that markup.
```

> However once a template is converted into HTML, the structure will be table based, and the vertivaly neighbor blocks are hard to move around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However once a Theme is converted into HTML, the structure will be table based, and the blocks above and below each other are hard to move around.
```

##### MJML Markup

> The MJML language allows us to create blocks, that can be freely moved around in the editor, changing the template fundamentally without coding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [MJML language][mjml] allows us to create blocks, that can be freely moved around in the editor, changing the template fundamentally without coding.
```

Reviewer: Please add a macro at the bottom of the page:

`[mjml]: <https://mjml.io/>`

> In order to harness the power of MJML, the whole template has to be coded in MJML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to harness the power of MJML, the whole Theme has to be coded in MJML.
```

> The best place to do so is the online editor at https://mjml.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best place to do so is the online editor at [https://mjml.io][mjml].
```

> Documentation on using sections, columns and blocks can be found here: https://documentation.mjml.io/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation on using sections, columns and blocks can be found here: [https://documentation.mjml.io][mjml-docs]
```

Reviewer: Please add a link macro at the bottom of the page:

`[mjml-docs]: <https://documentation.mjml.io>`

###### Head components

> Mautic will not process the <mj-head> tags at this point. None of the <mj-attribuites> will run, so you have to do all styling inline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mautic will not process the <mj-head> tags at this point. None of the <mj-attributes> will run, so you have to do all styling inline.
```

###### Body components
Most <mj-body> components will be processed.

**Tested elements are:**
mj-button, mj-column, mj-divider, mj-image, mj-navbar, mj-section, mj-spacer, mj-text

###### Image asset relative URLs
Images have to refer to the themes folder the following way:

` <mj-image src="{{ getAssetUrl('themes/'~template~'/assets/imagename.ext', null, null, true) }}" alt="logo" align="center" width="105px" padding="10px 0"></mj-image>`

###### File structure

> `name.zip

Reviewer: Let's put this in a code block (three backticks)

├── assets
│   ├── image1.ext
│   └── image2.ext
├── html

> │   ├── email.html.twig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── email.html.twig
```
Is the HTML version still required?

Author: Currently if anyone download the Plugin, it will require it. But with M4 it should not be.

│   ├── email.mjml.twig
│   ├── base.html.twig
│   └── message.html.twig
├── config.json
└── thumbnail.png`

> ##### Steps to save the template package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Steps to save the Theme package
```

>   Once your design in MJML is final, go through the following steps to create the template package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Once your design in MJML is final, go through the following steps to create the Theme package:
```

>   * save your images in the assets folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Save your images in the assets folder
```

>   * save your mjml in the html folder as email.mjml.twig AND email.html.twig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Save your MJML in the html folder as email.mjml.twig AND email.html.twig
```

>   * use the base.html.twig and message.html.twig files from the basic template or make your changes there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Use the base.html.twig and message.html.twig files from the basic theme or make your changes there
```

>   * save your config.json as described above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Save your config.json as described above
```

>   * create a thumbnail (around 400px wide, 600px high)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Create a thumbnail (around 400px wide, 600px high)
```

>   * zip the contents of the folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Zip the contents of the folder
```
